Align processor architecture (#583)
fkie-cad/Logprep: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking

> * change `pseudonyms` in pseudonymizer rules to `mapping` and change `target` in clusterer rules to `source_fields` like in the field_mapper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pseudonymizer` change rule config field `pseudonyms` to `mapping`
* `clusterer` change rule config field `target` to `source_fields`
* `generic_resolver` change rule config field `append_to_list` to `extend_target_list`
* `hyperscan_resolver` change rule config field `append_to_list` to `extend_target_list`
* `calculator` now adds the error tag `_calculator_missing_field_warning` to the events tag field instead of `_calculator_failure` in case of missing field in events
* `domain_label_extractor` now writes `_domain_label_extractor_missing_field_warning` tag to event tags in case of missing fields
* `geoip_enricher` now writes `_geoip_enricher_missing_field_warning` tag to event tags in case of missing fields
* `grokker` now writes `_grokker_missing_field_warning` tag to event tags instead of `_grokker_failure` in case of missing fields
* `requester` now writes `_requester_missing_field_warning` tag to event tags instead of `_requester_failure` in case of missing fields
* `timestamp_differ` now writes `_timestamp_differ_missing_field_warning` tag to event tags instead of `_timestamp_differ_failure` in case of missing fields
* `timestamper` now writes `_timestamper_missing_field_warning` tag to event tags instead of `_timestamper_failure` in case of missing fields
```

it is better scannable for breaking changes if we write the changed component first
